README.md, before:

# Cloud Computing Project Group 03
## Members: 
- Beatriz Rosa 55313, José Ricardo Ribeiro 62761, Christopher Anaya 60566, Ayla Stehling 63327


# Running 
-----------------------------------------------------
### Phase 3
Install docker and run the script: \
`./scripts/run.sh` 

In case of permission denied, run:

`chmod +x ~/cn-group03/scripts/run.sh`



# Roles
#Role | Role                                                  | Number  | Name            
 :--: |:----------------------------------------------------- | :------ |:---------------
1     | Microservices                                         | fc55313 | Beatriz Rosa     
2     | Data Science                                          | fc60566 | Christopher Anaya   
3     | TODO                                                  | fc62761 | José Ricardo Ribeiro 
4     | TODO                                                  | fc63327 | Ayla Stehling

## Microservices
 | Name of microservice                                  | Number  | Responsible            
 |:----------------------------------------------------- | :------ |:---------------
 | API Gateway and Market-Performance                    | fc55313 | Beatriz Rosa     
 | Sentiment Analysis                                    | fc60566 | Christopher Anaya   
| TODO                                                  | fc62761 | José Ricardo Ribeiro 
| TODO                                                  | fc63327 | Ayla Stehling

<!-- 
# Running (internal communication)
## Market Performance Service with GRPC example:
### Server:
$ pip install --upgrade pip

$ python -m venv venv

$ source venv/bin/activate

(venv) $ cd ~/cn-group03/app/microservices/market-performance


(venv) $ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

$ python market-performance.py


### Client:
$ cd ~/cn-group03/app/microservices/market-performance

$ python

>>> import grpc

>>> from market_performance_pb2 import GetMainCategoriesRequest

>>> import market_performance_pb2_grpc

>>> channel= grpc.insecure_channel('localhost:50051')

>>> client=market_performance_pb2_grpc.MarketPerformanceServiceStub(channel)

>>> request= GetMainCategoriesRequest()

>>> client.GetMainCategories(request) -->

Commit message:

removed autoscaler, testing deploy of api_g and MP

README.md, after:

# Cloud Computing Project Group 03
## Members: 
- Beatriz Rosa 55313, José Ricardo Ribeiro 62761, Christopher Anaya 60566, Ayla Stehling 63327


# Running 
-----------------------------------------------------
### Phase 3
Install docker and run the script: \
`./scripts/run.sh` 

In case of permission denied, run:
`chmod +x ~/cn-group03/scripts/run.sh`

### Phase 4
1. New project in GCP
2. Delete cluster in GCP and GCR(Google Container Registry)
3. Open Google Cloud Shell in the project and run:

`./scripts/cluster_create.sh`

And then:

`./scripts/deploy.sh`






# Roles
#Role | Role                                                  | Number  | Name            
 :--: |:----------------------------------------------------- | :------ |:---------------
1     | Microservices                                         | fc55313 | Beatriz Rosa     
2     | Data Science                                          | fc60566 | Christopher Anaya   
3     | TODO                                                  | fc62761 | José Ricardo Ribeiro 
4     | TODO                                                  | fc63327 | Ayla Stehling

## Microservices
 | Name of microservice                                  | Number  | Responsible            
 |:----------------------------------------------------- | :------ |:---------------
 | API Gateway and Market-Performance                    | fc55313 | Beatriz Rosa     
 | Sentiment Analysis                                    | fc60566 | Christopher Anaya   
| TODO                                                  | fc62761 | José Ricardo Ribeiro 
| TODO                                                  | fc63327 | Ayla Stehling

<!-- 
# Running (internal communication)
## Market Performance Service with GRPC example:
### Server:
$ pip install --upgrade pip

$ python -m venv venv

$ source venv/bin/activate

(venv) $ cd ~/cn-group03/app/microservices/market-performance


(venv) $ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

$ python market-performance.py


### Client:
$ cd ~/cn-group03/app/microservices/market-performance

$ python

>>> import grpc

>>> from market_performance_pb2 import GetMainCategoriesRequest

>>> import market_performance_pb2_grpc

>>> channel= grpc.insecure_channel('localhost:50051')

>>> client=market_performance_pb2_grpc.MarketPerformanceServiceStub(channel)

>>> request= GetMainCategoriesRequest()

>>> client.GetMainCategories(request) -->
